Add grid CSS layout system (#108)
locomotivemtl/locomotive-boilerplate: docs/grid.md

# Grid system

> * [Architectures](#architectures)
>   * [Styles](#styles)
>   * [Build tasks](#build-tasks)
>     * [Config file](#config-file)
> * [Usage](#usage)
>   * [Example](#example)
> * [Limitations](#limitations)

Reviewer: Fix broken links in table of contents.

```suggestion
* [Architectures](#architecture)
  * [Build tasks](#build-tasks)
    * [Configuration](#configuration)
* [Usage](#usage)
  * [Example](#example)
```

# Grid system

* [Architectures](#architectures)
  * [Styles](#styles)
  * [Build tasks](#build-tasks)
    * [Config file](#config-file)
* [Usage](#usage)
  * [Example](#example)
* [Limitations](#limitations)

> ## Architectures
> 
> The Grid System is meant to be simple and easy to use. To goal is to create a light, flexible and reusable way to build layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Architecture

The boilerplate's grid system is meant to be simple and easy to use. The goal is to create a light, flexible, and reusable way to build layouts.
```

> 
> ### Styles
> 

Reviewer: Merge "Styles" with "Architecture".

```suggestion

```

> Some styles are needed to make it work properly :
> 
> * [`o-grid.scss`](../assets/styles/objects/_grid.scss): Object file where the default grid styles are set. Column numbers, modifiers, options.
> * [`u-grid-columns.scss`](../assets/styles/utilities/_grid-column.scss): Utility file where it generates every possible column styles based on an array of media queries and column numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following styles are needed to work properly:

* [`o-grid`](../assets/styles/objects/_grid.scss) — Object file where the default grid styles are set such as column numbers, modifiers, and options.
* [`u-grid-columns`](../assets/styles/utilities/_grid-column.scss) — Utility file that generates the styles for every possible column based on an array of media queries and column numbers.
```

### Build tasks

> The generation of columns adds a lot of styles in the css output file. To solve that, a build task is set up to purge unused css generated by [`u-grid-columns.scss`](../assets/styles/utilities/_grid-column.scss) using [PurgeCSS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The columns generated by [`u-grid-columns`](../assets/styles/utilities/_grid-column.scss) adds a lot of styles to the compiled CSS file. To mitigate that, [PurgeCSS] is integrated into the `styles` build task to purge unused CSS.
```

> #### Config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuration
```

> Depending on your project, you will need to specify all the files that will include the Grid System classes. These files will be parsed by [PurgeCSS] and then a "cleaned" css file will be generated. The styles should also compile everytime the following listed files are changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your project, you will need to specify all the files that include CSS classes from the grid system. These files will be scanned by [PurgeCSS] to your compiled CSS files.
```

> ```json
> // Charcoal project example
> "purgeCSS": {
>     "content": [
>         "./www/**/*.html", 
>         "./views/app/template/**/*.mustache",
>         "./src/App/Template/*.php",
>         "./assets/scripts/**/*" // use case: el.classList.add('u-gc-1/2')
>     ]
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of a Charcoal project:

```jsonc
"purgeCSS": {
    "content": [
        "./views/app/template/**/*.mustache",
        "./src/App/Template/*.php",
        "./assets/scripts/**/*" // use case: `el.classList.add('u-gc-1/2')`
    ]
}
```
```

## Usage

> The first step is to set intial SCSS values in the following files :
> 
> - [`config.scss`](../assets/styles/settings/_config.scss)
> ```scss
> // Grid
> // ==========================================================================
> $base-column-nb: 12;
> $base-column-gap: $unit-small;
> ```
> 
> You can create multiple column layouts depending on media queries
> 
> - [`grid.scss`](../assets/styles/objects/_grid.scss)
> ```scss
> .o-grid {
>     display: grid;
>     width: 100%;
>     margin: 0;
>     padding: 0;
>     list-style: none;
> 
>     // ==========================================================================
>     // Cols
>     // ==========================================================================
>     &.-col-#{$base-column-nb} {
>         grid-template-columns: repeat(#{$base-column-nb}, 1fr);
>     }
> 
>     &.-col-4 {
>         grid-template-columns: repeat(4, 1fr);
>     }
> 
>     &.-col-#{$base-column-nb}\@from-medium {
>         @media (min-width: $from-medium) {
>             grid-template-columns: repeat(#{$base-column-nb}, 1fr);
>         }
>     }
>     ...
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to set intial SCSS values in the following files :

- [`settings/_config.scss`](../assets/styles/settings/_config.scss)

    ```scss
    // Grid
    // ==========================================================================
    $base-column-nb: 12;
    $base-column-gap: $unit-small;
    ```

    You can create multiple column layouts depending on media queries.

- [`objects/_grid.scss`](../assets/styles/objects/_grid.scss)

    ```scss
    .o-grid {
        display: grid;
        width: 100%;
        margin: 0;
        padding: 0;
        list-style: none;

        // ==========================================================================
        // Cols
        // ==========================================================================
        &.-col-#{$base-column-nb} {
            grid-template-columns: repeat(#{$base-column-nb}, 1fr);
        }

        &.-col-4 {
            grid-template-columns: repeat(4, 1fr);
        }

        &.-col-#{$base-column-nb}\@from-medium {
            @media (min-width: $from-medium) {
                grid-template-columns: repeat(#{$base-column-nb}, 1fr);
            }
        }
        // …
    ```
```

### Example

> Here is an example of a layout that has 4 columns `>=999px` and 12 columns `<1000px`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following layout has 4 columns at `>=999px` and 12 columns at `<1000px`.
```

    <div class="o-grid -col-4 -col-12@from-medium -gutters">
        <div class="o-grid_item u-gc-1/8@from-medium">
            <h2 class="c-heading -h2">This grid has 4 columns and 12 columns from `medium` MQ</h2>
        </div>

        <div class="o-grid_item u-gc-1/5@from-medium">
            <p>Lorem, ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Expedita provident distinctio deleniti eaque cumque doloremque aut quo dicta porro commodi, temporibus totam dolor autem tempore quasi ullam sed suscipit vero?</p>
        </div>

        <div class="o-grid_item u-gc-5/9@from-medium">
            <p>Lorem, ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Expedita provident distinctio deleniti eaque cumque doloremque aut quo dicta porro commodi, temporibus totam dolor autem tempore quasi ullam sed suscipit vero?</p>
        </div>

        <div class="o-grid_item u-gc-9/13@from-medium">
            <p>Lorem, ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Expedita provident distinctio deleniti eaque cumque doloremque aut quo dicta porro commodi, temporibus totam dolor autem tempore quasi ullam sed suscipit vero?</p>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
```

> [purgecss]:      https://purgecss.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PurgeCSS]: https://purgecss.com/
```
